Remember how I mentioned that certain characters have a special meaning? So if you type backslash,
it's--against the US dollar sign.
It's going to print the actual variable name so you can use that backslash to escape other special characters,
too.
So if you hold shift and type backslash, it'll type out this pipe character.  And this character's
special power basically lets you send the output of one command to the input of another command.
And this is aptly called, redirection.
At the end of this section
you'll see why it's so useful.
So here's an example and a fun new command, too.  Type
'alucard' and then do a greater than and just put it into a file-- just a regular text file--and then use the
'rev' command--stands for "reverse".
And what do you know, there's Dracula.
So it basically just reversed the text to spell out "Dracula".
So that's how you normally use the 'rev' command: you type 'rev' and then give it a file name.
But you can actually do the same thing
with the pipe.
You can skip the file all together.
So you just do 'echo alucard | rev' and you get the same thing.
So you don't even need the file there.
So basically when you pipe the output of this 'echo' command into the 'rev' command, it uses it just like it
would a file.
So you could do all sorts of different manipulations using the pipe this way and you can keep doing
it so you can pipe it back into rev to reverse it again to get your original output. So you can keep
adding these as many times as you want.
Once you start getting a whole bunch of these and you're doing different commands here, it gets a little
bit more resource intensive.
So depending on what you're doing, this isn't always the most efficient option, but it's a good way
to start learning and how to
manipulate things.